#Enterprise application software 

# Categories of EAS:
• Customer Relationship Management(CRM):
  CRM systems can typically be thought of as lead management, marketing communications, sales and inventory control, retail management, and so much more.
The systems can be thought of as everything but the actual selling of products and services.
They can even go further to include customer support and data analytics.
  These systems are designed to develop better relationships with your business partners, customers and potential customers, and anyone else in the equation.

• Enterprise Content Management(ECM):
  An ECM system can best be described as a system for people working in fields that deal with creative and other intellectual property in some kind of way.
Newspapers, magazines, and other news companies today have a great deal of content that they make available to the internet on a daily basis.
A Content Management System (CMS) provides a less technical and rapid way to build new pages and enter that content onto the web.
Enterprise level just means you are adding more and more tools to your toolbox for your organization to use.

• Enterprise Asset Management(EAM):
  In an EAM system, products and inventory of all kinds can be entered into a system in the same way as a CMS. This is often known as an e-commerce or shopping cart website.
It's where you make your physical goods and assets available online.
These systems allow the tracking of inventory, project management, and document control, such as contracts and other legal documents.
These systems may even consist of physical assets, such as real estate, automobiles, and music records.

• Enterprise Resource Planning(ERP):
  An ERP system is typically thought of as a way to manage people, the employees of the company, or what is commonly known as the Human Resources (HR) department.
The system can handle on-boarding and off-boarding procedures and store all personnel records.
It could serve as a tool for project management, risk assessment, and record keeping.
It can even serve as a knowledge base such as in the form of the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) area.
A knowledge base is often used to point people to and have them find common questions and answers in order to reduce the workload on your staff.
These can also be used for training purposes, such as generating quizzes or asking trivia questions and playing tutorials.

• Supply Chain Management(SCM):
  SCM systems are similar to CRM and EAM systems.
These are systems that manage inventory in every aspect of its development in the supply chain.
These systems manage inventory on a national or even a global scale.
They communicate with suppliers, connect to buyers, track packages, predict future supply orders, and may even automatically place those orders.
One way to look at the difference between a CRM and SCM system is that a CRM is mostly used for sales and marketing while an SCM is mostly used for production and distribution.
Both deal with products but in different ways and a large company or a conglomerate would need both.

• Enterprise Information System(EIS):
  An EIS is a system that generally combines a CRM and SCM system to handle a wider range of business needs.
An EIS may even integrate some or all of an ERP system and act as one giant central nervous system.
Depending on the needs, this may consist of numerous databases and even numerous development projects all working together, comprising the brains of everything.
These systems are known for storing and processing large volumes of data and connecting many different systems all together into one.

